Go back quickly, don't come back with me.
Hello, I'm leaving you.
You are so sick,
When you sleep with me...
Be careful. What? That is.
Say, why are you trying to trick us?
What's wrong with me playing with you? How can you play with me?
Say, where is the bomb?
Bomb, where is the bomb?
I just find it fun.
No? Is it fun?
I thought this was a Xinjiang disease, so I sent him to the police station immediately.
Does anyone have it? You need to sing.
Yes, it must be sung.
I told you that I didn’t want to go there.
Let me drive you away and drive you away
I'm telling you, you're very capable.
Make this person's southeastern partner disappear with the plan
Bring Boss Ma in
I'll take your wife away for you
Let's go to the police station from this person first
I'll catch the next car, brother
I call it the key point of your master’s words
I'll tell you later
Going down soon